Rewrite patcher in Bash (#29)
AM2R-Community-Developers/AM2R-Autopatcher-Linux: README.md

```

Then install the following dependencies:  

> `sudo pacman -S --needed xdelta3 jre8-openjdk lib32-libpulse`

Reviewer: You're using `sed` as well, which might be preinstalled on some distros but it is not apart of coreutils. It should be documented as a dependency I think. On NixOS we use the `gnused` package.

`unzip` is also a required dependency.

Also, isn't the java stuff only needed for android builds?

Author: Oh, thought both unzip and sed were part of coreutils
I put those into the dependencies, don't have the time right now to double check that the package names are 100% correct on the other distros. Will do so later (or when someone complains).

```

Then install the following dependencies:  
`sudo apt install xdelta3 openjdk-8-jre libopenal1:i386`

### Red Hat (including Fedora)
`sudo yum xdelta java-1.8.0-openjdk`

### Suse
`sudo zypper xdelta3 java-1_8_0-openjdk`

## Controllers
In order to be able to use a controller, you *need* the two following packages as well:
- jstest-gtk
- joystick

## Linux and Android patching process

> To patch your copy of (Windows) AM2R v1.1, place the `AM2R_11.zip` (case-sensitive) file in the same folder as `patcher.sh`. After installing the required dependencies for the version you would like to patch to, execute `patcher.sh` via `./patcher.sh`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To patch your copy of (Windows) AM2R v1.1, place the `AM2R_11.zip` (case-sensitive) file in the same folder as `patcher.sh`. After installing the required dependencies for the version you would like to patch to, execute the patcher script with `./patcher.sh`.
```

Author: Done locally.
